===CHAPTER===
TITLE: First Meeting
AUTHOR: Nic
DATE: September 15, 2019
===CONTENT===
[NIC]
When every day seems like a year, going back into the past gives the impression of having lived for a thousand years. For so long, I never knew what love was or how it felt to be loved. I kept up the masquerade for longer than I can remember, and the so-called strong and tough boy was actually feeble and infirm. I hid my fears and insecurities behind a mask that no one would uncover.

I always walked around with a book to read in case no one approached me for a conversation, and you can probably tell from that sentence that I was not a social person. As a last resort, in cases of large congregations, the most isolated corner is where you would find me. It's not reading that I liked so much, and neither is it personal space. I just needed someone who could understand me.

My current country is now Japan, but with no one besides me, I will forever be a forlorn bird in a foreign land. Being tall, with a hot chocolate-like complexion and a conspicuous husky voice, made me stand out like the Tokyo Tower in school. Many of the students showed their eager emoticons to talk to me, but deep down my heart, I saw them as schizophrenic creatures trying to please Satan with a glass of wine.

The closest people to me were the Filipino boys, since we were living in the same dormitory. My room was at the extreme corner of the second floor, and that was the only place where I could be myself. Among the Filipino boys was one called Reynaldo, who had a magic touch on a guitar that I had admired for so long.

I always felt left out, even when I had the Filipino guys around. The strong bond they had with each other would turn anyone into a green-eyed monster, but that wasn't why I couldn't feel at ease with them. The problem was the language that they used most of the time, and it was even more irritating when one of them attempted to shed some light on what they were talking about.

Love was just an allusion to life back then, a ridiculous sham in which two people played with each other's emotions. All of me had been dedicated to studying and finding joy in books. I had just moved to Japan from my motherland, the pearl of Africa, and so wanted to make the most of my time in Japan.

I was assigned to the automotive class with the three Filipino boys in first grade after telling one of the school's administrators that my dream is to become an engineer. Everybody in class was fairly kind, but since I could barely understand Japanese, their smiles were always sarcastic.

Over time, I learned from one of my classmates that a Chinese girl would be starting at our school the following week. I had not been promised that she was coming to school for me, but I was so delighted to hear that piece of news. Perhaps I was happy because I hoped she would get along with me better because she, like me, had left her country alone.

However, I was very disappointed. She was a girl! A GIRL! Having a good talk or befriending a girl was one of the mysteries I was yet to uncover in my life. The idea of a girl I had in my mind was a complicated one. They don't know what they want, are always complaining and whining, have mood swings like a chameleon, and are good at babbling, is what I thought of them.

In a snap of time, next week was now today, and she had come to school, but still, it was not my chance yet to encounter her. She had joined the general course banded with the Filipino girls. I couldn't just go meet her. I mean, what could I say? Then what? I would never dare make a monkey out of myself like that!

After about a month of her arrival, there was a Taiku Taikai (sports festival) at school. I liked sports but was apathetic in any place where people gathered. The class teacher told me that I had to be at the field in defiance of my unwillingness to join.

On the sports day, I put on my physical education uniform, held a book to study, and then walked swiftly to the sports ground. I had no intentions to merge with anybody or partake in any of the games. I stood at the edge of the field with my book. One of the Filipino boys named Hans came to me to confirm just what I was exactly doing with a book on such a day.

Subsequently, everybody joined the fun, and I remained by myself with my book. Then someone approached me out of nowhere. I rolled my eyes from the book to the ground, observing her from her shoes to her face. It was the new girl coming from China.

Her hair was long and shiny black, like the strands of heaven; her face was a pale cream colour as if she were coming from snowy mountains; and her lips were pink and crescent-shaped. Her eyes were oval-like, big, and white. I could not resist falling for her because, from the sight of her eyes, my future looked so bright with everything about her inviting me in. She was indeed the epitome of beauty.

[ZOY]
It was a mild afternoon, I sat in the car, looking indifferently at the students passing by. "How do you like this school?" my mom asked me with a look of deep concern. I turned my head and shrugged, as if to say, "Do I have any other options?"

She uttered again with a slight sigh, "Don't worry, sweetie, you will get familiar with the school soon, the school principal and teachers will take care of you."

I was supposed to enter a Chinese-basis school where I can learn Japanese with other Chinese students together, since I have never learned Japanese before. But the number of places was limited, plus, I was a transfer student in the middle of the autumn semester, the last place had been given to another student who came a few days earlier than me.

After tossing and turning for weeks to look for another school, we finally found an international school that offers English class not too far from my home. Despite the insecurity of my English, I started my high school life there.

The new school didn't have much to look forward to, all I could feel were pressure and loneliness at that time. Even though the other international students, especially those girls from the Philippines, were welcoming and were doing their best to take care of me, I realised that I had been there too late and a special bond forged between them was impregnable.

Everyone seemed to have their own circle, and I didn't seem to belong to any of them. I never wanted to force myself to socialise either, but being immersed in study to escape this loneliness.

Suddenly, there was someone appeared whom I wished to be friends with and expected him to understand my feelings.

"Who's that?" I found myself whispering, my curiosity instantly aroused as my gaze fixed on the boy who had entered my field of vision. He possessed an aura of mysterious allure, tall and lanky, with skin the color of rich, hot chocolate glistening under the golden rays of the sun.

He stood there, a solitary figure in the midst of the crowd, yet there was a magnetism about him that drew me in. As I observed from a distance, my senses heightened, I noticed someone engaging him in conversation. Suddenly, a deep, husky voice resonated through the air, sending ripples of an indescribable sensation coursing through my being.

I felt a pull to know him better, like fate was nudging us together. Each passing day, I found myself eagerly awaiting the opportunity, and finally, the perfect moment came on a radiant, sun-kissed afternoon during a class match. I approached him, every nerve tingling with excitement. As I stood before him, a symphony of anticipation and butterflies danced within me and time itself froze.

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: The First Conversation
AUTHOR: Nic
DATE: September 15, 2019
===CONTENT===
[NIC]
She walked gently until right next to me. At that moment, everybody on the field seemed to be invisible except me and her. I prayed to my head to give me the most appropriate way to introduce myself, but little did I know at that moment that my brain was empty. Let's compare it to space.

"My name is Zhang Zoya," she said, breaking the ice. "I'm Nicholas Lubega, and I love mathematics," I talked back. I never needed to describe myself as such anymore, as the book I was holding was also in mathematics.

We began talking to each other intimately, like it wasn't our first time meeting. The Taiku Taikai that I had thought was going to be just a waste of my time turned out to be worth attending as the chicken had laid a golden egg in my pocket.

We shared the same sentiments, and much or less, I realised she thought the same way about the event that was commencing. We talked more and more, and even though she was not a math person, she told me about the difference between the mathematics in Japan and the mathematics in China.

I never thought in my life I would ever meet a girl who listened to me talk about mathematics. For all my life, I had been afraid of finding a girl because I was always in fear that she might find me crazy. I just never had normal conversations and always wondered what boys talk about with girls.

Time is a monkey that shows you its red butt even when you aren't interested. It just moved so fast, and that day was just a summary in my eyes. After the event, I hesitantly said, "See you again," but my heart had remained with her. I went back to the dormitory and went straight to the mirror to check if I was still normal because the feeling I had was like I was boiling.

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: Becoming Friends
AUTHOR: Nic
DATE: May 25, 2021
===CONTENT===
For the first time in many years, I thought of sending a Facebook friend request to someone. I was lying flat on my bed, thinking if it was a good or bad idea. Would I seem weird, or would she think of me as a stalker? If I send her a friend request and she accepts it, then what happens next? What if she ignores me? That entire night was filled with "what ifs."

I was in the automotive program, and she had enrolled in the general program, known as futsuuka in Japanese. I would have asked for some advice from my classmates, but the situation was hopeless as the automotive course had been monopolised by boys.

The evening of that day, I went back to the dormitory, sat in my study chair, and continued with my normal reading, and guess what? Ding! A friend request message had popped up on my screen. I never knew with whom I should share the news, because, literally speaking, even I never thought I would be so happy just to receive a friend request in this life.

I quickly responded, and now a big question was coming: should I wait for the message or send one? For once, I felt like it was my turn to be a man, and I said, "Let the worst come," but I'm violating my principle today because I'm initiating a conversation with a girl.

I recall the date and time: May 25 at 10:06 p.m., and I sent the message "Hi Zoya" with a laughing emoji. The message was so brief as a way of protecting myself from anything unexpected. Let me put it this way: When a soldier is going to join the battle field, he doesn't expose himself to bullets, right?

For as long as I can remember, I waited for a reply while looking at the clock. It soon became 12:00, 1:00, and 2:00 when I was still waiting. Finally, I realised the ding was never going to appear. A feeling of having messed up approached me. Was the message I sent weird? Did I make myself too obvious?

That night's nightmares were more peaceful than my imagination. Early in the morning, while heading to school, whoever I saw laughing made me angry as if he or she was laughing at me. Out of the blue, shame engulfed me. It was my first dark secret.

Later after school, I went back to the dormitory, thought through and decided to let it go. I told myself, "Nicholas, maybe this is not the time to hug someone. Just hang in there boy." As I was lying down on my bed scrolling, Ding... a message popped up on my phone, "Good night Nico". At the eleventh hour, I felt I was in the seventh heaven.

From then on I started to poke around such that I can get a picture of the kind of person she was. I longed for a long conversation with her but me of then was just rubbish at talking. Knowing that all I could do was just to bark like a dog, I decided to let nature take its course perhaps what is meant to be mine will bring itself to my door.

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: The Bicycle Incident
AUTHOR: Nic
DATE: June 2021
===CONTENT===
I was a high achiever in class despite my difficulties with the language. In fact, I wouldn't clearly understand what teachers always taught me by then since everything was in Japanese but I just refused to bend to the situation. I said to myself, "if life is hard, I will be harder."

I was determined to not give life a chance to be difficult. By then whatever the motivation was, I don't know but I worked damn hard. I studied Japanese everyday and to that I spent most of my nights.

As a result of studying hard, it was natural that I performed better and better. I started finding many subjects like Mathematics and science easy. I incidentally became curious if I am in the right course because I couldn't believe that my grades would be better than Japanese grades when Japanese is not even my first language.

One day I went and requested for a meeting with one of the school teachers and he told me that usually students of my course don't pursue university and therefore I will be destined to take the same path if at all I remain an automotive student.

Because I wanted to gain higher level education, I started to panic and wondered what to do. When I asked the class teacher if whether there is a possibility of me changing the course, he stated no which set my heart ablaze.

I dashed to the second floor of the school building where the teachers rooms are located to find the school principal. I knocked the door once and bumped into his office. I narrated the whole story to him and asked him to help me in the best way possible.

After the principal discussing with other teachers committee members he told me that I will be able to change the course to another but it can't be done quickly, they will plan carefully and most likely I would join the Normal course in the next semester.

One day after I finished my daily classes in the automotive course, it was around 3:00pm in the afternoon. I walked down the stairs from the second floor to the ground floor where I met three girls; Reneleene, Curly and Zhang Zoya of the general normal course standing with one of my close Filipino friends Hans.

From a distance, I could already feel the seriousness of the matter they were talking about. I walked swiftly towards them and with a bold voice I asked, "what's going on? Is everything fine?" Like I could offer a solution.

Hans took the initiative to explain what was going on and said; "Bro! Zoya's bicycle got broken today. As she moved out of her home, it got broken and therefore used a bus to school. I could take it for fixing at the automotive building but the thing is that it's at her home and we are now talking of how to help her."

Hearing that and less of thinking, I said "I am good at fixing bicycles and it will be an honour to me if I could help." The bicycle issue had now progressed to some level and the only issue now was how to get to her home.

The girls, Reneleene and Curly knew where her home was and Hans had also claimed that he had ever gone there. Reneleene and Curly still had other engagement so they couldn't join in the going. Zoya could simply use the bus again to go back to her home and we would follow up later with the bicycles but since that would be money consuming, we made a plan.

She was to use my bicycle to go back and I would jog to her home with Hans then bring back my bicycle after fixing hers. We never saw any flaws in that plan so we decided to go with it after all Hans had assured us that he knew the place.

I gave Zoya my bicycle and then we told her to go first as for us shall follow up later. We then went back to dormitory with Hans to organise and that is changing the uniform and also picking up the fixing tools.

At around 4:00pm, we departed Hans on his bicycle and me jogging alongside him. Until we reached "Second street" a shop that sells all kind of second stuff everything was fine and perfect. Hans started saying unconnected statements like; "I think we should take this route... maybe last time this is the one we used... I feel like this is not the road."

We walked and moved in circles for a very long time but what was annoying was that he made me go through that while he is riding. After some time of suffering with him, I suggested that we should call Reneleene since she had come to Zoya's home for several days.

We then stopped by some thick green grass and rested for a while and also called Reneleene and confirmed the address and she said that she would also be there. To our surprise, Zoya's home was just around the corner. It was just something like 300 meters from us.

Reaching her home, Reneleene had already reached and she was trying to fix the bicycle with Zoya. Zoie, Zoya's little sister was there, her mom and her dad. They immediately handed over the work to us. We finished the work that had brought us and then started chatting.

I was trying to speak to her little sister in English but got no reply, tried Japanese and I still received no response. To my guess I thought that maybe she doesn't know either of the languages because when Zoya came, she spoke to her in Chinese and immediately she replied in that language that was foreign to my ears.

From that moment, I knew that me and her sister would never have a normal conversation. We then took a remembrance picture and started heading home.

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: Growing Closer
AUTHOR: Nic
DATE: June - July 2021
===CONTENT===
Few days later I started saying hi hello every time I met her and we became really close friends. Still I couldn't send messages using SNS as we had not reached that level yet. Days passed on and every time she came to the English villa, for some reason we would end up together chatting and chatting for hours.

On May 2nd, I realized that Filipinos weren't around but never got so curious since they at times had their engagements however this time it was different. They had gone to celebrate Zoya's birthday. Celebrating her birthday without me! Of course it never mattered to them if I went or no but I was greatly hurt that they went without me, more so Zoya was a friend to me as well.

When Hans came back home in the evening I asked him why he never said a word to me regarding Zoya's birthday and just continued looking on like a bushbaby with his eyes wide open. He was perhaps wondering to himself why I was so concerned and that's something I couldn't answer as well.

After a few days, I thought of reaching out to her and also express my birthday wishes like the Filipinos had done. I picked up a picture she had drawn during the Tuesday Art class that I was attending with her. Since I was the school council president, I had an idea where I collect nice pictures from different students and pin them on the walls along the hall ways with interesting messages from students.

From her birthday onwards, for some reasons I started thinking of her more often than it used to happen. In around June I had not seen her in a while and one night she even appeared in my dreams giving a look as if she is not happy.

The following morning, I couldn't stop myself from worrying about her as if I could do anything if something had indeed happened to her. Now I made up my mind that I have to meet her. I thought of surprising her by going to her home.

Going there alone I thought would be awkward so I asked Zion to accompany me. Zion was always very outgoing and he was the easiest to ask for anything. The following day we got our bicycles and started heading out to her home. Within no time we had reached and thanks to God she was at home. This was my second time going to her home after the bicycle incident.

Her family was always very welcoming. On seeing us, her Indian father wore the biggest smile I had ever seen. He was short man with a bald head but very solid voice. Zoya's mother and father quickly welcomed us in the house and gave us seats. Zoya immediately came out and she was very surprised to see us as she really never expected us.

I told her that she appeared in my dreams and I got worried about her because my dreams are usually true. She had no choice but to also go with the flow.

After confirming that she was fine I told Zion that we should start leaving but on trying to say goodbye, her mom suggested that we should at least have lunch first before leaving which her father was strongly agreeing to. He asked us to try out his cooking if we were not in a hurry.

Zion liked eating so much so he immediately agreed to Zoya's father's plan. For me I was kinda surprised as there are very few men who would like to engage in cooking activities especially in Uganda my home country.

We now sat comfortably and started talking with Zoya as her parents got busy. I told Zoya that I am actually into writing and I asked her to give me a pen and somewhere to write so that I can write something for her. She agreed and I started writing.

As I was still writing with Zoya seated besides me, her mother brought in many snacks which even made me feel shy. This was a very warm welcome than I had expected.

Within no time, her father was also done with the cook and it was time for enjoying the meal. The meal looked so nice that I was getting ready to eat like I am not even a visitor. We started digging in while talking to her father.

He said that he usually organizes barbecue with friends and eats with friends so we should come around more often. He was very nice. After that Me and Zion said goodbye and left for dormitory.

Day after I was still thinking about her but now my feelings were starting to conflict. I felt that she was really a very nice person that I would like to keep as a friend. I knew the moment she realizes that I have even a little interest in her, she might not talk to me again. I kept low.

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: Joining the Special Course
AUTHOR: Nic
DATE: January 2020
===CONTENT===
Time passed so fast and so soon we were already in for holidays. During that holiday, almost everything I thought of were about the new course that I was to join. I never knew what to read nor did I know what to expect.

It was January 2020 and the third semester of my first year had just began when my class teacher Mori sensei called me and announced to me that I would be joining the Special course. It was the most difficult course in the school and thus so many students feared joining it.

Students in that course were known to study for long hours and usually their syllabus was a little advanced unlike that of other students. To be honest I was also quite terrified because now I was going to be member of such a remarkable class. I doubted my ability and wondered if I would be the worst in that class as my Japanese was pretty lame.

My first day in that class, the sun rose from East as usual, I grabbed my school bag well organised and then headed to school. On opening the door I was surprised that the class actually had only four members and I was the fifth. They were all girls and I was the only boy and of course the only foreigner.

I headed straight to my seat without talking to anybody since I was also scared by their beauty. Ever since my young age, I was always scared of girls, not because they could harm me but because, thinking of what to say to them, respond or even act was like going up the peak of mount Everest naked. It was that hard.

No sooner had the class teacher come than we all moved to the next room. Since the members of the Special class were only 5, they never needed their own homeroom teacher and thus had to join the Normal/general course during the homeroom.

Entering the General course, there were 5 extra seats prepared for those in the special course. As the only new student in that class, I was told to stand up and introduce myself to everyone. All eyes on me I looked at everyone's face and said "My name is Lubega Nicholas a Ugandan and I have been studying in the automotive course until today that I joined this course. I look forward to interacting with you all."

Since they were two combined courses, they had so many classes in common and even several of the teachers were same like the Physical class, the Drawing class and the music class. Students would choose by themselves whether to do music or drawing. No one would be allowed to do both since they were organised on the same day and at the same time.

I personally chose drawing as I was interested in drawing ever since I was little. On the day the first class is being held, I headed to the drawing class, entered the room looking at nobody and sat in front just before the teacher who was also seated facing the class.

The teacher gave a briefing and told us to draw our hearts since it's the first class. He said we could draw anything even if it's random. I drew two people dancing, a man and a woman while holding each other and then submitted at the end of the class.

At the end of the class, as I was moving out, I saw two girls from the general course talking to each other. It was Zoya and Faustinne. I was surprised since I had never thought of a girl being interested in drawing with a choice aligned with music.

Without saying a word I passed by them and went for lunch since it was already lunch time. Going back to dormitory, I could not forget about the two girls who were in my drawing class. For Zoya, I had known her from the previous event and we had a very wonderful talk that we could now be regarded familiar with each other.

I was just interested and curious about what they were drawing every time they were in my class and what had pushed them to join such a class. Days passed by and the longest communication I had ever made with those two girls was "Hi" and "Hello."

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: Birthday Wishes
AUTHOR: Nic
DATE: July 17, 2021
===CONTENT===
Sometimes it's the small things we do that actually bring about the big changes that we may never even have expected to happen. After the visit at her home, we barely talked or met but that was okay as I had left everything to fate.

On July 17th 2021, It was my birthday but I had always refused or never wanted my birthday to be celebrated. Maybe it's not because I never wanted but rather because I felt like I never deserved or perhaps the people that said happy birthday to me were not genuine enough.

It was a Saturday and my plan was to proceed with the day just like any other day without attracting any attention. It was just like the way I wanted it and the day was coming to an end without receiving any message for my birthday from anyone else besides Promise.

But to my surprise, at around 11:35:19pm, with a ding a message popped up on my phone screen. I neither knew how to feel or react and for a moment I felt like I have been remembered. It was a message from Zoya.

To be honest I had almost even forgotten about her but today she had sent me a message. The message was saying: "Good evening, Nico, I don't if you can read this message before the end of this day or not, but I hope it won't be too late to say 'happy birthday' to you.

And, what's more, I made a sequel of the story 'me and zoya', I hope you like it. 'Me and Nic Olas'. 'Who's that?' I got a great curiosity about the boy came into my sight. He was tall and lanky, his skin was the color of rich, hot chocolate shining in the sun.

He was just stood there, out of the ordinary. Someone was talking to him. Suddenly, the deep, husky voice struck upon my ears when we are passing by, a sort of indescribable feeling has permeated in my heart, I was eager to get to know him.

I've been waiting for the chance all the time. Then, the day came just as I wished - a bright and Sunny day during class match. It must be fate for us to met each other here. I stood before him, spills ran down my spine and time froze in the instant."

Nobody else knew how good my feeling was but me. Just after reading the lines I replied back to her immediately hoping the talk can be prolonged a little bit longer but God plays tricks she only replied the following day during lunch time.

The excitement never faded but I realized one thing for sure and that was to not go all the way, she was not someone I would rush for. She got her own pace and timeline on when to do stuff. If I need quick replies, perhaps she was not the girl. But from that day onwards, we started having a little more frequent small phone text talks.

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: The Library Meeting
AUTHOR: Nic
DATE: July 27, 2021
===CONTENT===
Just after 10 days of text talks on the 27th of July, we were talking about me helping her borrow a book from one of my classmates Kiho but because I was planning to go to Kyoto, I never had time to help send it to her class.

It was my last day of going to school before going to Kyoto for my open campus however before that I felt like doing something on impulse and that was inviting her for lunch. I couldn't let her see through my intentions so I had to think of a place we could meet without making her feel uncomfortable.

I thought of Miyakonojo library. It was a place where I occasionally used to go when I wanna get away from home and also since she was someone introverted and smart, obviously I knew she would feel at ease going to such a place. It was a well organized space with wifi and once could say that it was good for one to hangout.

I sent her an invitation message and she replied to me in just 7 minutes which made me even doubt if she had thought through my message. Her reply was simple and direct. "Fine, I will go there tomorrow."

Because of my excitement I never thought much about that prepared for the time of meeting. We had agreed to meet at around 12:30pm but to my surprise she sent a message on the day that she has arrived a few minutes early. She had arrived at 12:00pm and I was still at home just preparing since I wanted to arrive on time.

In my plan the journey from the dormitory to the library would take me about 15 minutes leaving me with a few minutes to spare. On receiving her phone call, I ignored it and sent her a text message instead. I wanted to give an impression that I often go to the library to read.

It was always the case but it's just this time I had decided to lie. I texted her that, "I had just walked around the side of donkiehote so Wait for me for some few minutes I am gonna be back". After about 10 minutes, I arrived and to my surprise, she had not carried a bag or books but just an umbrella.

I wanted to ask why as it was the library but I decided to not question that much since she had agreed to only lunch. We talked of a restaurant and I told her that I usually go to Joyful for meal and with that she suggested a joyful restaurant that is close to the library.

I always knew what I wanted to eat. To say it more clearly, what I ordered from joyful was always the same. It was always the chicken steak. From the way I ordered it, she immediately inferred that it's what I always ate every time I went to Joyful and with a smile I recommended it to her hence we ended up both having the same dish.

We ate while talking till going back home. After getting home we exchanged some messages. First perfect misunderstanding, I said, "Hi zoy, I just thought of dropping by and say hello. Hope you are all well." And she thought that I passed by her home but actually I had meant that, "I am sending you a message to..."

But since she thought like that, then we can say I would like to mean that as well because that made her ask me when I will be coming back and I said 10th. She continued that I can visit after I come back and even made a request, she said, "And if it's possible, take some photos in Kyoto, I'd like to see where you will be."

Isn't that perfect? Yes it is but she knew that with my overthinking I am likely to misunderstand her so she immediately corrected herself, "Wait a minute, I mean cityscape photos. I've never been Kyoto but always heard that it's a very typical Japanese style city."

Making fun of her I told her I will definitely send as many pictures as possible even those of myself eating food, sleeping, walking etc. With that, that very night I actually sent her a picture of myself and it was the first picture of myself that I sent to her.

She thought that I didn't like taking pictures but I told that liking and not liking are just feelings that can change anytime. I then continued teasing her that I would even be willing to be her photographer but anyone could tell her being shy from her texts.

I continued sending two more pics of landscape and I never knew where she got the courage but in exchange without me asking, she sent her own picture showing her fluffy hair after taking shower in exchange.

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: Getting Closer
AUTHOR: Both
DATE: August 2021
===CONTENT===
I don't know exactly since when but we started getting close and more closer to each other without us even knowing. "I wish you sweet dreams" messages started being sent without feeling awkward.

Few days later I shared one of my drawings with her since I knew she also was interested in Art and stuff. It was a drawing of an African woman holding an elephant in her palm while looking at it with a kind gaze.

She loved it especially the winged elephant and she also liked my imagination and creativity. She also confessed that she seldom finishes art pieces by herself without relying on references and she hoped she could one day break the invisible limitation.

I was happy that one day someone had finally genuinely taken a liking on my drawing. I took that opportunity to ask her if she would be okay with me drawing a sketch of her face but what she asked next almost threw me into an abyss.

She said, "BTW, am I the second one who will get your sketch?" I never knew how to reply to such a question because it's true she would be the second but I unconsciously wanted to deny that truth. I wanted her to be the first but what could I change. I could only shamelessly say that, I will draw your sketch like I have never drawn any other before and that way you would be the first.

Things were escalating way too fast. Perhaps it was because of me or perhaps it was because she was willing. I decided to take one step after another but with firm on the night of August 02, I sent a good night text saying, "Tonight, may the thieves steal away your worries, rats eat away your pains, may Satan and death forget about you and blanket cover you as you sleep."

It was cheesy and I was even shaking a little bit the time I sent it but to my surprise she responded calmly. "That's the sweetest poem for good night. Thank you. The glowing moon, the twinkling stars will bless you." Okay, being calm is fine but her calmness gave a feeling she was a beautiful stone. How could the heart of someone that calm be easily conquered.

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: The Typhoon Flight
AUTHOR: Nic
DATE: August 10, 2021
===CONTENT===
After that night I never talked to her or sent a text to her till the second day I was in Kyoto. I sent her several pictures like I had promised but something amiss happened. I was scheduled to come back on 9th with an aim to attend the English club event but god plays tricks, a typhoon happened in Kyoto that made all the flights of that day be cancelled.

I was feeling sad because I knew that on that day there would be a situation where boys would be paired with a girl and I wanted to be that boy for her. I wanted to rush home. With that I called one of my guardians named Robert Cooper and asked for his help.

He helped me book for a cubicle at the airport and also reserved an early morning flight for me. The cube at the airport was small and I felt like I was sleeping within a tin but I could careless as the only thing on my mind was to get home on time.

Early in the morning on 10th, the day of the English club event, I took my flight from Kansai airport at around 7:00am to Miyazaki. Even though it was an early morning flight a lot was involved such as waiting, bus, train etc.

Along the way, she kept in contact with me notifying me of everything that was taking place on that day. "Today's event, we're having fun with water guns and senpais are also being here, and they're asking about you. We really hope you are here." All she said made wish I would teleport all the way there.

I reached the school around midday and wanted to immediately rush all the way to Kameone park where the event was being held but to my surprise my bicycle was missing. It was Hans, that guy that had taken my bicycle. I wanted to curse but what would be the use. I decided to jog, walk all the way there.

When I arrived, everyone was surprised upon my arrival. How could they understand what was going on in my mind. I walked towards people who were barbecuing meat before gazing at Zoya. The only reason as why I rushed all the way from Kansai.

She was talking to Faustinne and I couldn't approach because of the history however looking at her my gaze could even penetrate the void. She was beautiful! She had put on a long white skirt and looked absolutely stunning in the summer sun.

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: Realizing My Feelings
AUTHOR: Nic
DATE: September 2021
===CONTENT===
After the English club event, things became clearer in my heart. I could no longer deny what I was feeling. Every time I saw her, my heart would race. Every message from her would make my day complete. I was falling in love, and there was no going back.

But fear gripped me. What if she didn't feel the same way? What if telling her how I felt would ruin the beautiful friendship we had built? I had never been good with expressing emotions, especially to girls. Mathematics and physics were easy, but matters of the heart were the most complex equations I had ever encountered.

I started writing down my feelings in my journal, trying to make sense of this whirlwind of emotions. "She makes me want to be a better person," I wrote one night. "She listens to me talk about mathematics without getting bored. She sees me for who I am, not just the tall foreigner with the husky voice."

Days turned into weeks, and my feelings only grew stronger. I found myself thinking about her constantly - during class, while studying, even in my dreams. The way she smiled, the way she concentrated when drawing, the way her eyes lit up when she talked about something she was passionate about.

I knew I had to do something. I couldn't keep these feelings bottled up forever. But the question remained - how do you tell someone they've become your entire world?

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: Building Courage
AUTHOR: Both
DATE: October 2021
===CONTENT===
[NIC]
October came with cooler weather and changing leaves. The campus looked beautiful, painted in shades of red, orange, and gold. It reminded me of the changes happening in my heart.

I started planning small gestures to show Zoya how much she meant to me without being too obvious. I would save interesting articles about art and Chinese culture to share with her. I made sure to be at the English villa when I knew she would be there.

One day, I gathered enough courage to ask her if she wanted to study together at the library. To my surprise and delight, she agreed immediately. We spent hours there, sitting across from each other, occasionally looking up from our books to exchange smiles.

"You're really dedicated to your studies," she said during one of our breaks. "I admire that about you."

My heart soared. She admired something about me. "You inspire me," I replied, then quickly added, "Your dedication to art and learning Japanese inspires me to work harder too."

[ZOY]
I had noticed the changes in Nicholas. He seemed more comfortable around me, more open. The shy boy who used to hide behind his mathematics book was slowly revealing himself, and I found myself drawn to him more and more.

There was something special about him - his determination, his kindness, the way he treated everyone with respect despite the language barriers. When he looked at me with those warm eyes, I felt understood in a way I had never experienced before.

I started looking forward to our meetings, our text conversations, every interaction. My friends teased me about always talking about "Nico this" and "Nico that," but I didn't mind. He had become an important part of my life, and I was beginning to realize it might be more than just friendship.

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: The Confession
AUTHOR: Nic
DATE: November 2021
===CONTENT===
November brought with it a crisp chill in the air and a decision I could no longer postpone. I had spent weeks, months even, wrestling with my feelings. Every logical part of my brain told me to be cautious, to not risk the friendship we had built. But my heart? My heart had already decided.

I planned everything meticulously, like solving a complex mathematical problem. I would ask her to meet me at the place where we first met - the sports field. It seemed poetic, somehow, to come full circle to where this all began.

The night before, I barely slept. I rehearsed what I would say a hundred times. "Zoya, from the moment I saw you, my life changed." No, too dramatic. "I really like you and want to be more than friends." Too direct. "You make every day better just by existing." Too cheesy.

Finally, the day arrived. I sent her a message: "Can we meet at the sports field after school? There's something I want to tell you."

Her reply came quickly: "Sure, I'll be there."

Those few hours until school ended felt like an eternity. Every class dragged on forever. My friends noticed I was distracted, but I couldn't explain. This was something I had to do alone.

When the final bell rang, I made my way to the sports field. My hands were trembling, my heart pounding so loud I was sure everyone could hear it. And then I saw her, walking towards me with that gentle smile that had captivated me from day one.

"Hi Nico," she said softly. "What did you want to talk about?"

I took a deep breath. This was it. No turning back now.

"Zoya, do you remember the first time we talked? Right here, at this field? I was holding a mathematics book, feeling alone in a foreign country, and you walked up to me and changed everything."

She nodded, her eyes curious and kind.

"Since that day, you've been on my mind constantly. At first, I thought it was just gratitude for finding someone who understood what it's like to be far from home. Then I thought maybe it was just friendship. But I've realized it's so much more than that."

I paused, gathering courage.

"Zoya, I've fallen in love with you. Completely, utterly, hopelessly in love with you. You make me want to be better. You listen to me talk about mathematics. You see me, really see me, not just the tall African guy with the husky voice. And I know this might ruin everything, and I'm terrified of losing you as a friend, but I couldn't keep this inside anymore. I had to tell you how I feel."

The words hung in the air between us. Time seemed to stop. I watched her face, trying to read her expression, my heart ready to shatter into a million pieces.

And then, she smiled. That beautiful, genuine smile that I had fallen in love with.

"Nico," she said softly, "I was wondering when you would finally say something."

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: Her Answer
AUTHOR: Zoya
DATE: November 2021
===CONTENT===
[ZOY]
I had known for a while that my feelings for Nicholas had grown beyond friendship. The way my heart would skip when I received his messages. The way I would scan every room hoping to catch a glimpse of him. The way his absence would make everything feel a little less bright.

But I had been scared too. Scared of misreading the signals, scared of being hurt, scared of ruining the beautiful connection we had built. So when he finally stood there, his voice trembling as he confessed his feelings, I felt relief wash over me.

"Nico," I began, taking a step closer to him. "Do you know why I approached you that day at the sports festival? It wasn't just because I was lonely or needed a friend. There was something about you that drew me in. Your quiet confidence, your dedication, the way you carried yourself despite being so far from home."

I could see him holding his breath, waiting.

"I've been falling for you too. Slowly, surely, unexpectedly. Every conversation, every shared moment, every time you went out of your way to help me or make me smile. You fixed my bicycle, you worried about me, you flew through a typhoon just to be at an event where I would be. How could I not fall in love with you?"

His eyes widened, hope dawning in them.

"So yes, Nicholas Lubega. Yes to everything you're asking. Yes to being more than friends. Yes to seeing where this takes us. Yes to you."

The smile that broke across his face was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. And when he reached out to hold my hand for the first time as more than friends, everything felt right. Like two pieces of a puzzle finally clicking into place.

We stood there on that sports field, where it all began, holding hands and smiling at each other like we were the only two people in the world. The autumn sun was setting, painting the sky in beautiful shades of pink and orange, and I knew that this moment - this perfect moment - was one I would remember for the rest of my life.

"So," he said with a nervous laugh, "what do we do now?"

I squeezed his hand. "Now? We figure it out together. One step at a time."

And that's exactly what we did.

===CHAPTER===
TITLE: Our New Beginning
AUTHOR: Both
DATE: December 2021 - Present
===CONTENT===
[NIC]
The months that followed were the happiest of my life. Having Zoya as my girlfriend felt like a dream I never wanted to wake up from. We took things slow, learning how to be in a relationship while still maintaining our studies and friendships.

Our dates were simple but meaningful. Library study sessions that would end with us getting coffee and talking for hours. Walks around campus, holding hands and enjoying the changing seasons. Weekend visits to her home, where her father would always insist on cooking for us.

I met her family properly as her boyfriend, and they welcomed me with open arms. Her father and I bonded over cooking (turns out I could learn to enjoy it), her mother treated me like her own son, and even little Zoie started warming up to me, teaching me Chinese words in exchange for English ones.

[ZOY]
Nicholas was everything I could have hoped for in a partner. He was patient with my mood swings, supportive of my art, and never made me feel like I had to be anyone but myself. He would surprise me with small drawings, help me with my English homework, and always knew when I needed space or when I needed company.

We navigated cultural differences with humor and grace. He introduced me to Ugandan culture, music, and food. I taught him more about Chinese traditions and even got him interested in Chinese dramas (though he'd never admit how much he enjoyed them).

[BOTH]
Our love story wasn't always easy. We had arguments about silly things, moments of misunderstanding, times when the stress of school and life got to us. But we always worked through it, always came back to each other, always chose love.

We celebrated our first anniversary at Joyful restaurant, ordering the same chicken steak that had brought us together. We laughed about how nervous we both were on that first date, how we had no idea where this would lead.

Looking back at our journey - from that first meeting at the sports field to now - it feels like destiny. Two people from different corners of the world, brought together in Japan, finding love in the most unexpected way.

Nicholas, the boy who hid behind mathematics books, learned to open his heart. Zoya, the girl who felt alone in a new school, found someone who understood her completely. Together, we built something beautiful.

This is our love story. Not perfect, but perfectly ours. And we're still writing it, one day at a time, one memory at a time, one "I love you" at a time.

From the sports field where we met, to the library where we studied, to the bicycle that brought us together, to the typhoon that couldn't keep us apart, to the confessions under the autumn sky - every moment has been a page in our book.

And the best part? There are so many pages left to write.

With all our love,
Nini & Zoya

P.S. He still talks about mathematics, and I still listen with genuine interest. Some things never change, and we wouldn't want them to.

===END===